


                    ________  ________  __    __  ________
                   |        \|        \|  \  |  \|        \
                    \$$$$$$$$| $$$$$$$$| $$  | $$ \$$$$$$$$
                      | $$   | $$__     \$$\/  $$   | $$
                      | $$   | $$  \     >$$  $$    | $$
                      | $$   | $$$$$    /  $$$$\    | $$
                      | $$   | $$_____ |  $$ \$$\   | $$
                      | $$   | $$     \| $$  | $$   | $$
                       \$$    \$$$$$$$$ \$$   \$$    \$$
              __       __   ______   _______   __        _______
             |  \  _  |  \ /      \ |       \ |  \      |       \
             | $$ / \ | $$|  $$$$$$\| $$$$$$$\| $$      | $$$$$$$\
             | $$/  $\| $$| $$  | $$| $$__| $$| $$      | $$  | $$
             | $$  $$$\ $$| $$  | $$| $$    $$| $$      | $$  | $$
             | $$ $$\$$\$$| $$  | $$| $$$$$$$\| $$      | $$  | $$
             | $$$$  \$$$$| $$__/ $$| $$  | $$| $$_____ | $$__/ $$
             | $$$    \$$$ \$$    $$| $$  | $$| $$     \| $$    $$
              \$$      \$$  \$$$$$$  \$$   \$$ \$$$$$$$$ \$$$$$$$

The dinner is almost ready! It's only missing a grilled carrot.

-= Bedroom =-
You are in a bedroom. A standard kind of place.

You can make out a chest drawer. There's something strange about this being
here, but you can't put your finger on it. You see a closed antique trunk right
there by you. Look over there! a king-size bed. Now why would someone leave that
there? But oh no! there's nothing on this piece of trash.

There is a closed wooden door leading east.

> open chest drawer
You open the chest drawer, revealing an old key.


Your score has just gone up by one point.

> take old key from chest drawer
You take the old key from the chest drawer.



Your score has just gone up by one point.

> unlock wooden door with old key
You unlock wooden door.


Your score has just gone up by one point.

> open wooden door
You open wooden door.


Your score has just gone up by one point.

> go east

-= Kitchen =-
You arrive in a kitchen. A standard one.

You see a refrigerator. You check the price tag that's still affixed to the
refrigerator. 100 bucks? What a deal! You'll have to ask where they got this!
You see a counter. The counter is typical. But the thing hasn't got anything on
it. Look out! It's a- oh, never mind, it's just a stove. But there isn't a thing
on it. Look over there! a kitchen island. You wonder idly who left that here.
The kitchen island is usual. On the kitchen island you see a note.

There is a closed screen door leading east. There is an open wooden door leading
west. You need an unblocked exit? You should try going north. You don't like
doors? Why not try going south, that entranceway is unblocked.



Your score has just gone up by one point.

> open screen door
You open screen door.


Your score has just gone up by one point.

> go east

-= Backyard =-
You have moved into the most typical of all possible backyards.

You see a gleam over in a corner, where you can see a set of chairs. But oh no!
there's nothing on this piece of junk. You think about smashing the set of
chairs to bits, throwing the bits in the dump, etc, until you get bored. What's
that over there? It looks like it's a bbq. I guess it's true what they say, if
you're looking for a bbq, go to TextWorld. However, the bbq, like an empty bbq,
has nothing on it. You can see a patio table. The patio table is normal. But oh
no! there's nothing on this piece of junk.

There is an open screen door leading west. You need an unguarded exit? You
should try going south.



Your score has just gone up by one point.

> go south

-= Garden =-
I am so happy to announce that you are now in the garden. You begin to take
stock of what's here.



You don't like doors? Why not try going north, that entranceway is unblocked.

There is a half of a bag of chips, a carrot, an apple and a shovel on the floor.


Your score has just gone up by one point.

> take carrot
You pick up the carrot from the ground.



Your score has just gone up by two points.

> go north

-= Backyard =-
You have moved into the most typical of all possible backyards.

You see a gleam over in a corner, where you can see a set of chairs. But oh no!
there's nothing on this piece of junk. You think about smashing the set of
chairs to bits, throwing the bits in the dump, etc, until you get bored. What's
that over there? It looks like it's a bbq. I guess it's true what they say, if
you're looking for a bbq, go to TextWorld. However, the bbq, like an empty bbq,
has nothing on it. You can see a patio table. The patio table is normal. But oh
no! there's nothing on this piece of junk.

There is an open screen door leading west. You need an unguarded exit? You
should try going south.

> go west

-= Kitchen =-
You arrive in a kitchen. A standard one.

You see a refrigerator. You check the price tag that's still affixed to the
refrigerator. 100 bucks? What a deal! You'll have to ask where they got this!
You see a counter. The counter is typical. But the thing hasn't got anything on
it. Look out! It's a- oh, never mind, it's just a stove. But there isn't a thing
on it. Look over there! a kitchen island. You wonder idly who left that here.
The kitchen island is usual. On the kitchen island you see a note.

There is an open screen door leading east. There is an open wooden door leading
west. You need an unblocked exit? You should try going north. You don't like
doors? Why not try going south, that entranceway is unblocked.

> put carrot on stove
You put the carrot on the stove.


Your score has just gone up by one point.


                               *** The End ***

You scored 11 out of a possible 11, in 14 turn(s).


Would you like to RESTART, RESTORE a saved game, QUIT or UNDO the last command?
>

Done after 12 steps. Score 11/11.
